So, currently, you are seeing repo which does voice agent So using this voice agent, I want to build a project which does below things. First, you upload a document in markdown format. 
In right panel, you will show uploaded document And in left panel, you will have a voice assistant once document is uploaded, you speak with agent and you ask the agent can you see    
the document uploaded? Agent checks the in the back end. And list down the file files by speaking about it. And it will ask which document you want to want me to read. So user will     
select the document. Which they want to want agent to read. So in right panel, document will be surfaced. And left panel agent will start reading that document. Word by word and that   
wherever that document is getting read, it will be highlighted as well. And while reading, if user finds difficult to understand the terminology or that word he will ask agent to       
answer about it. Based on the question user asks, agent will either answer directly or it will search Internet and ask answer it. So that snippet of word, it will pop up. And it will   
read out loud. So user if finds finds it interesting and he understands it, he will ask agent to save it So agent needs to save that snippet along with that document. When they click   
on that word, it should pop up. And, also, if user asks some sentence to highlight, it needs to highlight it. So just consider this as similar to scenario where where user interacts    
with the teacher. And asks your doubts And also user is reading a book and he highlights that sentence find he finds very important. So once everything is done, agent needs to save     
that document along with highlighted sentence and and for a particular word, or whatever agent has searched in Internet and on some query user queries, It can you can save it in a PDF  
or you can save it as a docx as well. This is the high level idea which I want to build. Based on this, create complete implementation plan. And save it in docs folder.     

I hope this is how backend is designed - 1) For any user queries, it uses LLM to answer. LLM takes all uploaded document names (just list of uploaded doc
names) in its context always. when user clicks or selects any specific document that signal goes to LLLM context as user selected document (so llm knows
which documents user is looking to read). When user asks to read the document from begining LLM responds with output as document to read with document name
in json. when this name is responded by LLM, then take this name and get all data from this document name and give it tts model which keeps running in
stream just like LLM sent data to it (FUll text of uploaded document). Never stop until user interrupts. 2) if user queries where around sepecific sections
or words like (i didnt understand for example what do you mean by transformers) then answer those specific queries using llm (and give LLM specific sentences 
around those words from uploaded document as context which user is asking question) and if user says keep reading document then LLM should set document read flag in 
json and tts should keep reading where it left. 3) Text reading in document reader should be highlighted on word
tts model is streaming voice keeping it in sync.4)If required change prompt used for LLM


1) Improve the overall design and feel of this app [Image #1]. Make it more professional and customer facing. 2) When user interrupts asking question LLM
needs to have history of doument it is reading upto certain number of sentences and based on that if user asks questions not understanding it it needs to
answer it. 3) Once agent answers user query and user asks to continue reading the document where they left before it needs to continue reading the document
along with highilighting word it is reading on docuemnt reader way it was doing before. 4) when user asks to save notes (which agent answered to user query
where user was not understanding specific sentence in document) for a sentence it needs to save it and have hyperlink attached to that sentence in document
reader. when clicked on that sentence notes should pop up. 5) Also user might asks agent to highlight the sentence which they feel is important that needs
to be highlighted using different color.

[Image #1] This design is not looking good for orb and Live transcript area. If needed use frontend design skill   


1) Can you add openai llm call and i should be able to switch easily between ollama based llm call and open api call. Also in case in future if i add
gemini/anthropic api call, i should be able to switch easily in just config/setting.py 2) [Image #2] this is how character in every line is coming in live 
transcript. 3) Also purple color is not consistent across all different layouts like document library. 3) add resume reading button in reading mode         
[Image #3] so that it can resume from where it left 4) When i ask question in the middle of reading LLM should take only last 2-3 sentence which was read   
by TTS model as context along with user query to answer 5) Once user says start reading from where you left its like clicking resume reading button where   
it needs to resume reading 6) LLM should get context like which document use has clicked in UI, based on that LLM should be intelligent enough to           
understand which document user is saying to read 7) if user didnt click any doc in UI and user says read specific document LLM should help us to open that  
document intelligenlty in UI 